
0 - Negative
Energy shares drag on Wall Street as crude prices fall
Lowe's to shut 34 Canadian stores as it reports revenue miss
Minority shareholders of Nirma shocked over fresh exit offer of Rs 225/ share
Jignesh Shah, aide Shreekant Javalgekar held in Rs 5,600-crore NSEL scam
S&P 500 headed for a 67% downturn? Seems ‘preposterous’ now but so did similar pullbacks begun in 2000 and 2007, sa… https://t.co/a4vFwHt6n5
Foreign investors navigate turmoil in Chinese markets with new playbook
Fed Liquidity Drain Spoils Virus-Surge-Inspired Stock Buying-Panic
Comparable operating profit decreased to EUR 13.8 mn from EUR 17.1 mn in the corresponding period in 2005 .
Oil slips below $86 on global over-supply
Earnings per share ( EPS ) amounted to a loss of EUR0 .05 .



1 - Positive
Equity markets likely to shine as Rupee's depreciation slows
IT companies will continue to deliver, says Dipan Mehta
Reliance Capital Q1 net profit up 22.5 per cent at Rs 201 crore
BSE Metal Index pares losses as Rajya Sabha passes MMDR Bill
Investors cheered the blockbuster November jobs report https://t.co/CgSzMYRjdY
Suven Life Sciences Q1 net up 16.68% at Rs 34.74 cr
Yes Bank reports yet another quarter of stellar performance
$PBR: Petrobras Brasileiro on new oil discovery in Campos Basin
Airlines in sweet spot; expect SpiceJet to see rerating on IndiGo listing
Twitter stock price target raised to $36.50 from $34.50 at Wedbush



2 - Neutral
Iso Omena is based in the Matinkyla district of the southern part of the city of Espoo , southern Finland .
The joint venture is planning a quick timetable for negotiating the lease of the potential wind farm areas and for charting the feasibility of the wind farms .
The company did not disclose the price of the acquisition .
Sell Your Bonds! Buy Net Lease REITs Instead. Continue reading: https://t.co/YmjHN6AAcY #trading #markets #business
Janno Reiljan , a member of the Eesti Energia supervisory board , said the owners of Narva Power Grid had informed Eesti Energia about their wish to sell .
Customers include hotels and restaurants as well as wholesalers and some retailers
The 5 Best Finance Stocks of the Decade
WeWork names new executives, path to profitability by 2023
Chipotle highlights fast drive-thru lanes
Reserve Bank of India changes in gilt auctions seen as sign of stable rates

